# Machine learning course


<!-- WARNING: THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! -->

The content of this course was originally developed for the [master in
quantum science and technology](https://quantummasterbarcelona.eu) in
Barcelona, where we taught the *Machine learning for quantum and
classical systems* course. The content of the course has been
progressively expanded, updated and adapted, as we have been developing
new mateiral and using this course to teach in multiple masters,
schools, conferences, and workshops.

Please, visit the <i class="bi bi-journals"></i> [Course and
Documentation](https://borjarequena.github.io/Neural-Network-Course/)
page to get started!

## Course Description

This course gives an introduction to machine learning and deep learning:
starting from linear linear models al the way up to state of the art
generative models. The material covers the following topics:

- What is learning?
- Linear Models (linear regression, polynomial regression and logistic
  regression)
- A probabilistic view of machine learning
- Fundamentals of deep learning
- Convolutional Neural Networks
- Restricted Boltzmann Machines
- Generative Models

The course combines theory and practice in the form of jupyter notebooks
with python. We make extensive use of specific librairies such as numpy,
PyTorch and fastai.

Some of the content has been adapted from our book in machine learning
for the quantum sciences, as well as other material such as our PhD
theses (Dawid et al. 2022).

## Original instructors and main contributors

<div>

</div>

<div id="refs" class="references csl-bib-body hanging-indent"
entry-spacing="0">

<div id="ref-dawid2022" class="csl-entry">

Dawid, Anna, Julian Arnold, Borja Requena, Alexander Gresch, Marcin
Płodzień, Kaelan Donatella, Kim A. Nicoli, et al. 2022. “Modern
Applications of Machine Learning in Quantum Sciences.”
<https://doi.org/10.48550/ARXIV.2204.04198>.

</div>

</div>
